If he's not worth a hundred million.
I'll give you my star language investment.
I'm actually the eldest son of the Qin family.
Oh, that's right, just look at nine bottles of milk.
Me and you.
Be my witness.
Qin Fengming this idiot.
Invest at least 10 times.
So how do you prove that this porcelain is worth more than 100 million yuan?
This porcelain bottle is much larger than my crystal milk bottle.
Or not.
I'll sell you two hundred million.
Star 200 million
From "Master Qin" no
He doesn't have two hundred million in this bottle.
The mind is not good.
A fool is a fool.
If the item has just sold for a high price, I want to sell it to the auction house.
Are you an auctioneer who's like you all stupid?
I didn't dare say that last year.
My God, this turns out to be an ancient Han Chinese jewel.